Correct readme.md to give correct required location of .env file (#892)
CodeYourFuture/curriculum: org-cyf/README.md

#### Set up `.env`

> Copy the `.env.example` file over to the parent directory of this one (the root of curriculum) and name it `.env`. Edit the file and then change the line that says `HUGO_CURRICULUM_GITHUB_BEARER_TOKEN` to contain the token that you have generated earlier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the `.env.example` file over to the root of /curriculum and rename it `.env`. Edit the file and then change the line that says `HUGO_CURRICULUM_GITHUB_BEARER_TOKEN` to contain the token that you have generated earlier.
```
